
Feature list 1


ADMIN PANEL

Managing User accounts (teacher, student, parent)
Managing classes, subjects
Managing exam, grades
Managing exam marks
Managing Loan Information
Managing Computer Based Test (CBT)
Sending exam marks via sms
Managing students attendance
Managing accounting, income and expenses
Managing school events
Managing Teachers
Managing Libratrian
Managing Accountant
Manage Circular
Manage Task
Managing Parents
Managing Alumni
Managing Academic Sysllabus
Managing Helpful Links
Managing Help Desk
Managing Front-End Information
Managing School Session
Attendance
Reports
Managing Staff ID Cards
Records management.
Notification board management.
Management relationships between different type of users.
Online Payment acceptance of FEE.
Section Management.
Reports generator.
SMS Alerts.
Managing Hostel Manager
Managing library, dormitory, transport
Messaging between other users
Managing system settings (general, sms, language)
Managing Media
Subject management.
Class management.
Student payments management.
Student behaviour management.
Payments Overview.
Subjects and assignments management.
Fees management.
Student assignment results management.
Student search.
Overdue students list.
Student management.
Student-Teacher interaction.
And many more …
TEACHERS

Manage Students homework.
Assign homework.
Share homework on social networking sites (facebook).
Manage classes.
Manage Student Report.
Generate Remarks on Student Reports.
Generate Student Attendence.
Subject management.
Loan Application
Class management.
Student behaviour management.
Subjects and assignments management.
Student assignment results management.
Student search.
Student management.
Student-Teacher interaction.
Managing Helpful Links
Managing Media
Assignments
Attendance
Provide Daily Quotes
Holidays
Studennts Study Materials
Message
Noticeboard
Transportations
And many more…
STUDENT PANEL

Get class Routine
Attempt Online Exam
View Online Exam Result
Get Exam Marks
Message
View Noticeboard
Transportation
Receive SMS
Get attendance status
Get study materials / files from teacher
Get payment invoice,
Pay Online
Communicate with teacher Managing Media accounts
View Event Schedule, Notice and Holidays
Get Helpful Links
View Daily Quotes
Contact Help Desks
And many more ….
PARENT PANEL


 
View Children Marks
View Children Class Routine
Make payment
View Payment Invoice
Message Admin
Message Teachers
View Received Messkages
Checkin kids progress.
Parent-Teacher interaction.
Get alerts from School Administration or Teachers.
View events
Noticeborad
Todays Thought
News
Helpful Links
Help Desk
Receive SMS
And many more …
LIBRARIAN

Add books
Update books
Record Lost Books
Generate Reports on Books
Subject Management.
Loan Application
Student Search.
Student Management.
Student-Librarian Interaction.
View Helpful Links
View Media
Holidays
Studennts Study Materials
Message
Transportations
Noticeboard
View Notification
And many more ….
ACCOUNTANTS

Create Student Payments
Students Payment
Expenses
Expenses Category
Vew all Accountants
Loan Application
Todays Thought
News
Holidays
Message
Noticeboard
And many more ….
HOTEL MANAGER

View All Hostel Managers
Manage Hostels
Loan Application
Todays Thought
News
Holidays
Message
Noticeboard
And many more ….
Admin Dashboard Description

Total number of students, teachers, librarian, accountants, hostel manager, alumni, parents and attendance of students for that day at a glance, Dashboard also holds a calendar for showing events, charts for various percentages of teachers, parents, students attendance, grades, students performances, etc.

MANAGING SESSION

From navigation go to manage session
Add / edit / delete
MANAGING ACADEMIC SYLLABUS

From navigation go to manage academic syllabus
Add / edit / delete
MANAGING MEDIA

From navigation go to manage media
Add / edit / delete
MANAGING STUDENTS

Admit Students
From navigation, go to students > admit students
Fill up the necessary information
Save student
Admit Bulk Students

From navigation, go to student > admit bulk student
Download the blank Excel file
Fill up the information
Select class
Upload the filled up Excel file
Save
Student Information

From navigation go to student > student information
Here you can see the students class wise
If a class has sections then you can also browse the students as per class sections
Student mark sheets

From navigation go to student > student mark sheet
Here you can see all the students marks class wise
If the class has sections then you can also see them along with class
MANAGING TEACHERS

From navigation go to teacher
Here you can see the list of teachers of your school in a tabular form
To add a new teacher, click the top right button named add new teacher and fill up the information and save
For editing or deleting a teacher information click the action button assigned to each entry of the table. That will bring two options for editing and deleting. Click on the required action editing and deleting
MANAGING ACCOUNTANTS

From navigation go to accountant
Here you can see the list of accountants of your school in a tabular form
To add a new accountant, click the top right button named add new accountant and fill up the information and save
For editing or deleting a teacher information click the action button assigned to each entry of the table. That will bring two options for editing and deleting.
Click on the required action editing and deleting
MANAGING LIBRARIANS

From navigation go to librarian
Here you can see the list of librarians of your school in a tabular form
To add a new librarian, click the top right button named add new librarian and fill up the information and save
For editing or deleting a teacher information click the action button assigned to each entry of the table. That will bring two options for editing and deleting.
Click on the required action editing and deleting
MANAGING HOSTEL MANAGERS

From navigation go to hostel manager
Here you can see the list of hostel managers of your school in a tabular form
To add a new hostel manager, click the top right button named add new hostel manager and fill up the information and save
For editing or deleting a teacher information click the action button assigned to each entry of the table. That will bring two options for editing and deleting.
Click on the required action editing and deleting.


Full Feature List


Class System

Create unlimited amount of classes for your School.
Each Class can have assignments, timetables, attendance, announcements, study files, library books and more assigned to it.
Classes can have students and teachers added to them.
Allow Students to sign up to classes. Limit the amount of sign ups.
Add Timetable events so your students know when the next class is.
User can view all events for all the classes they have signed up for in the Your Timetable section.
User can view all their assignments for all classes they have signed up for.
Class Manager can add new students and teachers to the Class.
Teacher of the class can post announcements to that class. See which students have read them.
Assign library books and study files to the Class for easy access.
Class Attendance allows you to submit attendance reports of every user in the class.
Assignments can be of two types: exam or submission.
Submission assignments allow the user to upload a file before a deadline.
Teacher can view all submissions and grade them.
Add subjects and assign teachers to the subjects.
Group classes into Categories.
Add unqiue grading system for each class.
Specify the weighting of each assignment.
Ability to mark each assignment

Announcements

Global school announcements can be posted by staff that notify the whole school.
Global announcements are displayed on the frontpage.
Study Material
File System which allows you to upload files to the site that Students can then download.
Specified the allowed file types in the Admin Panel.
Organise your files into categories.
Files can be added to Classes for easy access.

Students

Custom User Roles allows you to specify what permissions your Students have.
Students can be managed by Teachers, including viewing all their classes, attendance and behaviour records.
Student Groups allow you to group your students together.
Student Groups have their own page where the teacher can post announcements.
Restrict access to who can view which Student Groups.
School Report shows student’s grades and attendance for each class.
Download School Report as PDF.

Parents

Parents can have children assigned to them.
Parents can view all the details of their children, including classes, attendance, behaviour reports and school reports.
Parent Manager User Role allows the user to manage parents.
User & Registration System
Users can register for an account using the quick and easy register page.
Captcha enabled registration page to prevent bots from spamming your site (can be disabled in Admin Panel (includes Google ReCaptcha)
Users can also register accounts using their Social Network accounts, making it even quicker to sign up to your site!
Login System comes with a Forgotten Password page, to allow users to reset their password via email.
Prevents spam by making sure the email address is unique and valid.
Passwords are encrypted using PHPass library to make sure your data is safe!
Can disable registration from Admin Panel, as well as Social Login option.
User roles allow you to give permissions to specific users.

Finance System

Keep track of your finances by adding costs and revenue entries.
Dashboard produces beautiful graph of your years finances.
Organise with Categories.
Behaviour System
Add Rules that you can record records of.
Behaviour Records allow you to record incidents of rule breaking for students.
Assign students to records, including date and incident report.
View a user’s behaviour records in the View Students section.

Invoice System

Create Invoices that can be paid with PayPal, Stripe or 2Checkout.
Automatically set Invoice to paid by using PayPal’s IPN system, Stripe’s API or 2Checkouts API.
Two different Tax options.
Add items to invoices.
Create Invoice Templates.
Create Reoccuring Invoices.
Download Invoices as PDFs.
View Web Version of Invoices to send to clients/students.
Create Paying Accounts that allow you to specify API keys for payment gateways.
Library System
Add unlimited books to your Library system.
Allow students to reserve books.
Allow Librarian/Teacher to checkout books for students.
View all reserved/checkedout books.

Reports

View Financial Reports between specified date ranges.
View Attendance Reports between specified date ranges.

Mailbox

Send Messages to any user on the system.
View all your messages in a beautiful designed inbox.
Block List to block users.
Get notifications when you recieve new messages.

Members

Search Members by username.
User Profiles.
User Settings area allows user to change their avatar, update their name and other information.
Change Password option in Settings page too.

User Roles

User Role system allows you to assign specific permissions to users.
Set a default User Role in the Admin panel.
Admins have access to all sections of the site.
Create custom User Roles in the Admin Panel.
Create User Roles specifically for parents,students,teachers so they don’t see more than they need to.

Admin Panel

Able to disable registration
Able to disable Captcha, Google ReCaptcha
Change site name, logo and other settings.
Able to change layout theme: Basic, Titan, Dark Fire and Light Blue
Able to disable social network login
Manage Members allows you to edit, delete and view Member information, such as their IP address, email and when they last logged in.
User Groups allow you to sort and categorize members easily.
Email Templates make translating emails much more easier by using our Email Templates option.
Email Members area allows you to send emails to all of your registered emails. Select by User Group, Username or All Users.
IP Blocking system allows you to block certain IPs from registering accounts and from logging in.
Section Settings allow you to disable various areas of the system.
Date Settings allow you to change the way dates are displayed.
School Settings let you change the way certain aspects of your site work.
Manage your currencies and Invoice settings.
Manage Custom Fields for Users.
Translation Ready
Easy translate the entire system by modifying our translation files (just 3 to edit!)
Allow users to switch between a language of their choice using our unique Language Switcher.
Supports any UTF-8 language and RTL languages!
Documentation Guide to walk you through how to translate

System
Built on Laravel 5.3.5
Built on Bootstrap 3.3.4
Translation Ready
Requires PHP 7 and a MySQL database.
Supports MySQL, Mysqli and PDO drivers.
Supports SMTP Email, PHP Mail()

